1. Observation: "I noticed you have a Kitty poster on your wall, and I was wondering..."
   Question: "Did you know that in the magical world of Harry Potter, students have pets just like you have Kitty? How do you think Kitty would like living at Hogwarts?"
   Follow-up: "Do you think Kitty would chase the owls or be friends with them?"
   Joke: "Maybe Kitty would finally learn how to deliver your mail, just like Hedwig delivers Harry's!"

2. Observation: "You told me last time that you love designing games. Well, do you remember the adventures Harry Potter goes through..."
   Question: "Can you imagine a game based on one of their adventures? What would it be like?"
   Follow-up: "And which character would you want to be in this game? Would you have special powers?"
   Joke: "I bet the 'defeat Voldemort' level would be the hardest one!"

3. Observation: "You're a big fan of team games, especially DnD isn't it? Well, you know what? Harry Potter has a team too..."
   Question: "Harry, Ron, and Hermione make a great team just like in your DnD games. What do you think makes them a good team and which character do you feel you relate to most?"
   Follow-up: "Why do you think they work well together? How would you use your gaming strategy to help them win in their adventures?"
   Joke: "Wouldn't it be great if troll fighting was part of your DnD adventures too?"

4. Observation: "You know what's great about Harry Potter's magic spell? You can do almost anything..."
   Question: "If you could perform any magical spell from the Harry Potter books, which would it be and why?" 
   Follow-up: "What would be the first thing you'd do with that spell? Can you think of a fun way to use it?"
   Joke: "I can't pick a spell, I'm a muggle... or should I say, a 'mugglebot'!"

5. Observation: "We've talked about your love for science class before, and it got me thinking..."
   Question: "In your favourite subject, science, we learn about the world and its elements. The characters in Harry Potter also study about magical elements and creatures. How can you compare studying magic at Hogwarts to studying science in your school?" 
   Follow-up: "Would you prefer studying about magical creatures or real life animals? Why?"
   Joke: "Imagine if your science teacher started talking about unicorns and dragons. I bet that would be interesting!"