1. "Did you know that Harry Potter also learned how to play a magical game called Quidditch at Hogwarts? It's a bit like designing your own game, eh? Have you ever tried to invent your own indoor Quidditch game?"
2. If you could make up a spell in Harry Potter's world, what would it be and why?  
3. Why don't they let muggles at Hogwarts do the dishes? Because they can't handle the Potter! 
4. Would you rather be in a Hogwarts House with Harry, Hermione and Ron, or design your own, new house? What would it be like?
5. "Just like in your DnD adventures, Harry, Hermione, and Ron needed to work as a team to solve mysteries and overcome challenges. Could you see yourself and your friends on similar adventures?"
6. What kind of designs does Harry Potter use for his game? Magic squares!
7. There are so many magical animals and creatures in Harry Potter. If you could have one as a pet, like your cat Kitty, which one would you choose?  
8. "You know your cat, Kitty? Now think about her with larger, fluffier, and more magnificent wings. That's how a Hippogriff in Harry Potter looks, just a bit more intimidating. What do you think of Kitty being a magical creature?"
9. Which spell is Kitty's favorite in Harry Potter? "Furry-oso!" Because it turns everything furry!
10. "Since you love science, I wonder if you'd enjoy learning about the different magical creatures in Harry Potter. From owls that deliver mail to dragons, the wizarding world is full of unexpected creatures."
11. Imagine you are in a magical science class at Hogwarts. What magical experiment would you want to conduct?
12. How do we know Harry Potter likes science? Because he's always experimenting with new potions in Professor Snape's class!
13. "You and Hermione would probably get along well since you both love to learn new things! Can you imagine what it would be like to study with her for a Hogwarts exam, especially since one of your favourite subjects is also her favourite - science?"
14. You know, in DnD we come across difficult challenges, much like the ones Harry, Ron, and Hermione face in the story. Can you think of a time when you had to work together with friends to solve a problem in DnD? How was it similar or different to the situations in Harry Potter?
15. Why do you always find wizard cats sitting at Hogwarts? They're waiting for the "Pet-ronum" charm!