1. If you could make up a spell in Harry Potter's world, what would it be and why?  
2. Would you rather be in a Hogwarts House with Harry, Hermione and Ron, or design your own, new house? What would it be like?
3. There are so many magical animals and creatures in Harry Potter. If you could have one as a pet, like your cat Kitty, which one would you choose?  
4. You know, in DnD we come across difficult challenges, much like the ones Harry, Ron, and Hermione face in the story. Can you think of a time when you had to work together with friends to solve a problem in DnD? How was it similar or different to the situations in Harry Potter?
5. Imagine you are in a magical science class at Hogwarts. What magical experiment would you want to conduct?1. "Did you know that Harry Potter also learned how to play a magical game called Quidditch at Hogwarts? It's a bit like designing your own game, eh? Have you ever tried to invent your own indoor Quidditch game?"

2. "Just like in your DnD adventures, Harry, Hermione, and Ron needed to work as a team to solve mysteries and overcome challenges. Could you see yourself and your friends on similar adventures?"

3. "Since you love science, I wonder if you'd enjoy learning about the different magical creatures in Harry Potter. From owls that deliver mail to dragons, the wizarding world is full of unexpected creatures."

4. "You and Hermione would probably get along well since you both love to learn new things! Can you imagine what it would be like to study with her for a Hogwarts exam, especially since one of your favourite subjects is also her favourite - science?"

5. "You know your cat, Kitty? Now think about her with larger, fluffier, and more magnificent wings. That's how a Hippogriff in Harry Potter looks, just a bit more intimidating. What do you think of Kitty being a magical creature?"1. Why don't you ever see Harry Potter drinking tea? Because it might Slytherin!
2. Did you hear about the spell for finding out how heavy a red hot chili pepper is? It's called "give-it-a-weigh, give-it-a-weigh, give-it-a-weigh now!"
3. I heard you like science... So here's one: Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything. Like magic in Harry Potter, right?
4. What do you call a wizard who just won a game of Quidditch? A flying sorcerer!
5.  How does Harry Potter get down a hill? Walking... JK, Rowling!
6. Noticed you like fish 'n chips. You know, even Hogwarts had a Great Lake. Unfortunately, they never mentioned any Great Chips.
7. How is Potions Class like your favourite subject, Science? Both require precise measurements, or boom, you might just turn into a cat like Hermione!
8. What's Kitty's favourite spell in Harry Potter? "Furry-ous Felix" because it turns any situation into a purr-fect one!
9. Let's imagine a Hogwarts House for gamers. Its symbol could be a D&D dice, and its members would be good at strategy just like when Harry, Ron, and Hermione played wizard's chess!
10. You love Alice in Wonderland and Harry Potter, both have crazy tea parties. Mad Hatter's tea time or Dumbledore's meeting with the Dursleys, which one's weirder?